README.md, before:

Syncfusuion WPF RichTextBox (SfRichTextBoxAdv)
----------------------------

The Syncfusion [WPF RichTextBox](https://www.syncfusion.com/wpf-controls/richtextbox?utm_source=github&utm_medium=github&utm_campaign=github-wpf-rte-examples) (SfRichTextBoxAdv) control allows you to view, edit and print rich text content including text, images, hyperlink etc. arranged in sections, tables, paragraphs, headers, footers and comments. You can perform all editing operations using keyboard, mouse and touch.

Key Features
------------

1. [How to create rich text editor in WPF RichTextBox (SfRichTextBoxAdv)?](https://www.syncfusion.com/kb/10896/how-to-create-rich-text-editor-in-c) - [Demo](https://github.com/SyncfusionExamples/WPF-RichTextBox-Samples/tree/main/How-to-create-richtext-editor)
2. [How to cancel asynchronous document loading in WPF RichTextBox (SfRichTextBoxAdv) control?](https://www.syncfusion.com/kb/7214/how-to-cancel-asynchronous-document-loading-in-sfrichtextboxadv-control) - [Demo](https://github.com/SyncfusionExamples/WPF-RichTextBox-Samples/tree/main/How-to-cancel-asynchronous-document-loading-in-richtextbox)
3. [How to customize the style of tooltip in WPF RichTextBox (SfRichTextBoxAdv) control?](https://www.syncfusion.com/kb/6304/how-to-customize-the-style-of-tooltip-in-sfrichtextboxadv-control) - [Demo](https://github.com/SyncfusionExamples/WPF-RichTextBox-Samples/tree/main/How-to-customize-the-style-of-tooltip-in-richtextbox)
4. [How to bind WPF RichTextBox (SfRichTextBoxAdv) contents using MVVM Framework?](https://www.syncfusion.com/kb/6233/how-to-bind-sfrichtextboxadv-contents-using-mvvm-framework) - [Demo](https://github.com/SyncfusionExamples/WPF-RichTextBox-Samples/tree/main/How-to-bind-richtextbox-contents-using-mvvm-framework)
5. [How to use WPF RichTextBox (SfRichTextBoxAdv) control in Windows Forms application?](https://www.syncfusion.com/kb/5909/how-to-use-wpf-sfrichtextboxadv-control-in-windows-forms-application) - [Demo](https://github.com/SyncfusionExamples/WPF-RichTextBox-Samples/tree/main/How-to-use-wpf-richtextbox-in-winforms-application)
6. [How to customize SfRichTextRibbon in WPF RichTextBox (SfRichTextBoxAdv)?](https://www.syncfusion.com/kb/5417/is-it-possible-to-customize-sfrichtextribbon-control) - [Demo](https://github.com/SyncfusionExamples/WPF-RichTextBox-Samples/tree/main/How-to-customize-richtextribbon-control)
7. [How to bind xaml text in WPF RichTextBox (SfRichTextBoxAdv) control?](https://www.syncfusion.com/kb/5416/how-to-bind-xaml-text-in-sfrichtextboxadv-control) - [Demo](https://github.com/SyncfusionExamples/WPF-RichTextBox-Samples/tree/main/How-to-bind-xaml-text-in-richtextbox-control)
8. How to add custom dictionaries in WPF RichTextBox (SfRichTextBoxAdv) control? - [Demo](https://github.com/SyncfusionExamples/WPF-RichTextBox-Samples/tree/main/How-to-add-custom-dictionaries-in-richtextbox)
9. How to use custom font in WPF RichTextBox (SfRichTextBoxAdv) control? - [Demo](https://github.com/SyncfusionExamples/WPF-RichTextBox-Samples/tree/main/How-to-use-custom-font-in-richtextbox)

Supported File Formats
----------------------

*  Importing and exporting DOC, DOCX, RTF, HTM, HTML, XAML,and TXT documents. 

How to run the examples
-----------------------

*   Download this project to a location in your disk.
*   Open the solution file using Visual Studio.
*   Rebuild the solution to install the required NuGet packages.
*   Run the application.

Resources
---------

*   **Product page:** [Syncfusion WPF RichTextBox](https://www.syncfusion.com/wpf-controls/richtextbox?utm_source=github&utm_medium=listing&utm_campaign=github-wpf-rte-examples)
*   **Documentation:** [Syncfusion WPF RichTextBox](https://help.syncfusion.com/wpf/richtextbox/overview?utm_source=github&utm_medium=listing&utm_campaign=github-wpf-rte-examples)
*   **Knowledge Base:** [Syncfusion WPF RichTextBox - Knowledge Base](https://www.syncfusion.com/kb/desktop/section/256?utm_source=github&utm_medium=listing&utm_campaign=github-wpf-rte-examples)
*   **FAQ:** [Syncfusion WPF RichTextBox - FAQ](https://www.syncfusion.com/faq/?utm_source=github&utm_medium=listing&utm_campaign=github-wpf-rte-examples)

Support and feedback
--------------------

*   For any other queries, reach our [Syncfusion support team](https://www.syncfusion.com/support/directtrac/incidents/newincident?utm_source=github&utm_medium=listing&utm_campaign=github-wpf-rte-examples) or post the queries through the [community forums](https://www.syncfusion.com/forums?utm_source=github&utm_medium=listing&utm_campaign=github-wpf-rte-examples).
*   Request new feature through [Syncfusion feedback portal](https://www.syncfusion.com/feedback?utm_source=github&utm_medium=listing&utm_campaign=github-wpf-rte-examples).

License
-------

This is a commercial product and requires a paid license for possession or use. Syncfusion’s licensed software, including this component, is subject to the terms and conditions of [Syncfusion's EULA](https://www.syncfusion.com/eula/es/?utm_source=github&utm_medium=listing&utm_campaign=github-wpf-rte-examples). You can purchase a licnense [here](https://www.syncfusion.com/sales/products?utm_source=github&utm_medium=listing&utm_campaign=github-wpf-rte-examples) or start a free 30-day trial [here](https://www.syncfusion.com/account/manage-trials/start-trials?utm_source=github&utm_medium=listing&utm_campaign=github-wpf-rte-examples).

About Syncfusion
----------------

Founded in 2001 and headquartered in Research Triangle Park, N.C., Syncfusion has more than 29,000 customers and more than 1 million users, including large financial institutions, Fortune 500 companies, and global IT consultancies.

Today, we provide 1800+ components and frameworks for web ([Blazor](https://www.syncfusion.com/blazor-components?utm_source=github&utm_medium=listing&utm_campaign=github-wpf-rte-examples), [ASP.NET Core](https://www.syncfusion.com/aspnet-core-ui-controls?utm_source=github&utm_medium=listing&utm_campaign=github-wpf-rte-examples), [ASP.NET MVC](https://www.syncfusion.com/aspnet-mvc-ui-controls?utm_source=github&utm_medium=listing&utm_campaign=github-wpf-rte-examples), [ASP.NET WebForms](https://www.syncfusion.com/jquery/aspnet-webforms-ui-controls?utm_source=github&utm_medium=listing&utm_campaign=github-wpf-rte-examples), [JavaScript](https://www.syncfusion.com/javascript-ui-controls?utm_source=github&utm_medium=listing&utm_campaign=github-wpf-rte-examples), [Angular](https://www.syncfusion.com/angular-components?utm_source=github&utm_medium=listing&utm_campaign=github-wpf-rte-examples), [React](https://www.syncfusion.com/react-components?utm_source=github&utm_medium=listing&utm_campaign=github-wpf-rte-examples), [Vue](https://www.syncfusion.com/vue-components?utm_source=github&utm_medium=listing&utm_campaign=github-wpf-rte-examples), and [Flutter](https://www.syncfusion.com/flutter-widgets?utm_source=github&utm_medium=listing&utm_campaign=github-wpf-rte-examples)), mobile ([Xamarin](https://www.syncfusion.com/xamarin-ui-controls?utm_source=github&utm_medium=listing&utm_campaign=github-wpf-rte-examples), [Flutter](https://www.syncfusion.com/flutter-widgets?utm_source=github&utm_medium=listing&utm_campaign=github-wpf-rte-examples), [UWP](https://www.syncfusion.com/uwp-ui-controls?utm_source=github&utm_medium=listing&utm_campaign=github-wpf-rte-examples), and [JavaScript](https://www.syncfusion.com/javascript-ui-controls?utm_source=github&utm_medium=listing&utm_campaign=github-wpf-rte-examples), [.NET MAUI](https://www.syncfusion.com/maui-controls?utm_source=github&utm_medium=listing&utm_campaign=github-wpf-rte-examples)) and desktop development ([WinForms](https://www.syncfusion.com/winforms-ui-controls?utm_source=github&utm_medium=listing&utm_campaign=github-wpf-rte-examples), [WPF](https://www.syncfusion.com/wpf-controls?utm_source=github&utm_medium=listing&utm_campaign=github-wpf-rte-examples), [WinUI](https://www.syncfusion.com/winui-controls?utm_source=github&utm_medium=listing&utm_campaign=github-wpf-rte-examples), [Flutter](https://www.syncfusion.com/flutter-widgets?utm_source=github&utm_medium=listing&utm_campaign=github-wpf-rte-examples), [UWP](https://www.syncfusion.com/uwp-ui-controls?utm_source=github&utm_medium=listing&utm_campaign=github-wpf-rte-examples), and [.NET MAUI](https://www.syncfusion.com/maui-controls?utm_source=github&utm_medium=listing&utm_campaign=github-wpf-rte-examples)) a. We provide ready-to-deploy enterprise software for dashboards, reports, data integration, and big data processing. Many customers have saved millions in licensing fees by deploying our software.

Commit message:

bug(ES-869029): Added sample to use WPF RichTextBox to view the email templates and Editcontrol to view the html source code

README.md, after:

Syncfusuion WPF RichTextBox (SfRichTextBoxAdv)
----------------------------

The Syncfusion [WPF RichTextBox](https://www.syncfusion.com/wpf-controls/richtextbox?utm_source=github&utm_medium=github&utm_campaign=github-wpf-rte-examples) (SfRichTextBoxAdv) control allows you to view, edit and print rich text content including text, images, hyperlink etc. arranged in sections, tables, paragraphs, headers, footers and comments. You can perform all editing operations using keyboard, mouse and touch.

Key Features
------------

1. [How to create rich text editor in WPF RichTextBox (SfRichTextBoxAdv)?](https://www.syncfusion.com/kb/10896/how-to-create-rich-text-editor-in-c) - [Demo](https://github.com/SyncfusionExamples/WPF-RichTextBox-Samples/tree/main/How-to-create-richtext-editor)
2. [How to cancel asynchronous document loading in WPF RichTextBox (SfRichTextBoxAdv) control?](https://www.syncfusion.com/kb/7214/how-to-cancel-asynchronous-document-loading-in-sfrichtextboxadv-control) - [Demo](https://github.com/SyncfusionExamples/WPF-RichTextBox-Samples/tree/main/How-to-cancel-asynchronous-document-loading-in-richtextbox)
3. [How to customize the style of tooltip in WPF RichTextBox (SfRichTextBoxAdv) control?](https://www.syncfusion.com/kb/6304/how-to-customize-the-style-of-tooltip-in-sfrichtextboxadv-control) - [Demo](https://github.com/SyncfusionExamples/WPF-RichTextBox-Samples/tree/main/How-to-customize-the-style-of-tooltip-in-richtextbox)
4. [How to bind WPF RichTextBox (SfRichTextBoxAdv) contents using MVVM Framework?](https://www.syncfusion.com/kb/6233/how-to-bind-sfrichtextboxadv-contents-using-mvvm-framework) - [Demo](https://github.com/SyncfusionExamples/WPF-RichTextBox-Samples/tree/main/How-to-bind-richtextbox-contents-using-mvvm-framework)
5. [How to use WPF RichTextBox (SfRichTextBoxAdv) control in Windows Forms application?](https://www.syncfusion.com/kb/5909/how-to-use-wpf-sfrichtextboxadv-control-in-windows-forms-application) - [Demo](https://github.com/SyncfusionExamples/WPF-RichTextBox-Samples/tree/main/How-to-use-wpf-richtextbox-in-winforms-application)
6. [How to customize SfRichTextRibbon in WPF RichTextBox (SfRichTextBoxAdv)?](https://www.syncfusion.com/kb/5417/is-it-possible-to-customize-sfrichtextribbon-control) - [Demo](https://github.com/SyncfusionExamples/WPF-RichTextBox-Samples/tree/main/How-to-customize-richtextribbon-control)
7. [How to bind xaml text in WPF RichTextBox (SfRichTextBoxAdv) control?](https://www.syncfusion.com/kb/5416/how-to-bind-xaml-text-in-sfrichtextboxadv-control) - [Demo](https://github.com/SyncfusionExamples/WPF-RichTextBox-Samples/tree/main/How-to-bind-xaml-text-in-richtextbox-control)
8. How to add custom dictionaries in WPF RichTextBox (SfRichTextBoxAdv) control? - [Demo](https://github.com/SyncfusionExamples/WPF-RichTextBox-Samples/tree/main/How-to-add-custom-dictionaries-in-richtextbox)
9. How to use custom font in WPF RichTextBox (SfRichTextBoxAdv) control? - [Demo](https://github.com/SyncfusionExamples/WPF-RichTextBox-Samples/tree/main/How-to-use-custom-font-in-richtextbox)
10. How to use WPF-RichTextBox (SfRichTextBoxAdv) to show email contents and  EditControl to show the HTML email source? - [Demo](https://github.com/SyncfusionExamples/WPF-RichTextBox-Samples/tree/main/How-to-use-richtextbox-to-show-email-contents-and-editcontrol-to-show-html-email-source)

Supported File Formats
----------------------

*  Importing and exporting DOC, DOCX, RTF, HTM, HTML, XAML,and TXT documents. 

How to run the examples
-----------------------

*   Download this project to a location in your disk.
*   Open the solution file using Visual Studio.
*   Rebuild the solution to install the required NuGet packages.
*   Run the application.

Resources
---------

*   **Product page:** [Syncfusion WPF RichTextBox](https://www.syncfusion.com/wpf-controls/richtextbox?utm_source=github&utm_medium=listing&utm_campaign=github-wpf-rte-examples)
*   **Documentation:** [Syncfusion WPF RichTextBox](https://help.syncfusion.com/wpf/richtextbox/overview?utm_source=github&utm_medium=listing&utm_campaign=github-wpf-rte-examples)
*   **Knowledge Base:** [Syncfusion WPF RichTextBox - Knowledge Base](https://www.syncfusion.com/kb/desktop/section/256?utm_source=github&utm_medium=listing&utm_campaign=github-wpf-rte-examples)
*   **FAQ:** [Syncfusion WPF RichTextBox - FAQ](https://www.syncfusion.com/faq/?utm_source=github&utm_medium=listing&utm_campaign=github-wpf-rte-examples)

Support and feedback
--------------------

*   For any other queries, reach our [Syncfusion support team](https://www.syncfusion.com/support/directtrac/incidents/newincident?utm_source=github&utm_medium=listing&utm_campaign=github-wpf-rte-examples) or post the queries through the [community forums](https://www.syncfusion.com/forums?utm_source=github&utm_medium=listing&utm_campaign=github-wpf-rte-examples).
*   Request new feature through [Syncfusion feedback portal](https://www.syncfusion.com/feedback?utm_source=github&utm_medium=listing&utm_campaign=github-wpf-rte-examples).

License
-------

This is a commercial product and requires a paid license for possession or use. Syncfusion’s licensed software, including this component, is subject to the terms and conditions of [Syncfusion's EULA](https://www.syncfusion.com/eula/es/?utm_source=github&utm_medium=listing&utm_campaign=github-wpf-rte-examples). You can purchase a licnense [here](https://www.syncfusion.com/sales/products?utm_source=github&utm_medium=listing&utm_campaign=github-wpf-rte-examples) or start a free 30-day trial [here](https://www.syncfusion.com/account/manage-trials/start-trials?utm_source=github&utm_medium=listing&utm_campaign=github-wpf-rte-examples).

About Syncfusion
----------------

Founded in 2001 and headquartered in Research Triangle Park, N.C., Syncfusion has more than 29,000 customers and more than 1 million users, including large financial institutions, Fortune 500 companies, and global IT consultancies.

Today, we provide 1800+ components and frameworks for web ([Blazor](https://www.syncfusion.com/blazor-components?utm_source=github&utm_medium=listing&utm_campaign=github-wpf-rte-examples), [ASP.NET Core](https://www.syncfusion.com/aspnet-core-ui-controls?utm_source=github&utm_medium=listing&utm_campaign=github-wpf-rte-examples), [ASP.NET MVC](https://www.syncfusion.com/aspnet-mvc-ui-controls?utm_source=github&utm_medium=listing&utm_campaign=github-wpf-rte-examples), [ASP.NET WebForms](https://www.syncfusion.com/jquery/aspnet-webforms-ui-controls?utm_source=github&utm_medium=listing&utm_campaign=github-wpf-rte-examples), [JavaScript](https://www.syncfusion.com/javascript-ui-controls?utm_source=github&utm_medium=listing&utm_campaign=github-wpf-rte-examples), [Angular](https://www.syncfusion.com/angular-components?utm_source=github&utm_medium=listing&utm_campaign=github-wpf-rte-examples), [React](https://www.syncfusion.com/react-components?utm_source=github&utm_medium=listing&utm_campaign=github-wpf-rte-examples), [Vue](https://www.syncfusion.com/vue-components?utm_source=github&utm_medium=listing&utm_campaign=github-wpf-rte-examples), and [Flutter](https://www.syncfusion.com/flutter-widgets?utm_source=github&utm_medium=listing&utm_campaign=github-wpf-rte-examples)), mobile ([Xamarin](https://www.syncfusion.com/xamarin-ui-controls?utm_source=github&utm_medium=listing&utm_campaign=github-wpf-rte-examples), [Flutter](https://www.syncfusion.com/flutter-widgets?utm_source=github&utm_medium=listing&utm_campaign=github-wpf-rte-examples), [UWP](https://www.syncfusion.com/uwp-ui-controls?utm_source=github&utm_medium=listing&utm_campaign=github-wpf-rte-examples), and [JavaScript](https://www.syncfusion.com/javascript-ui-controls?utm_source=github&utm_medium=listing&utm_campaign=github-wpf-rte-examples), [.NET MAUI](https://www.syncfusion.com/maui-controls?utm_source=github&utm_medium=listing&utm_campaign=github-wpf-rte-examples)) and desktop development ([WinForms](https://www.syncfusion.com/winforms-ui-controls?utm_source=github&utm_medium=listing&utm_campaign=github-wpf-rte-examples), [WPF](https://www.syncfusion.com/wpf-controls?utm_source=github&utm_medium=listing&utm_campaign=github-wpf-rte-examples), [WinUI](https://www.syncfusion.com/winui-controls?utm_source=github&utm_medium=listing&utm_campaign=github-wpf-rte-examples), [Flutter](https://www.syncfusion.com/flutter-widgets?utm_source=github&utm_medium=listing&utm_campaign=github-wpf-rte-examples), [UWP](https://www.syncfusion.com/uwp-ui-controls?utm_source=github&utm_medium=listing&utm_campaign=github-wpf-rte-examples), and [.NET MAUI](https://www.syncfusion.com/maui-controls?utm_source=github&utm_medium=listing&utm_campaign=github-wpf-rte-examples)) a. We provide ready-to-deploy enterprise software for dashboards, reports, data integration, and big data processing. Many customers have saved millions in licensing fees by deploying our software.
